clarify `io.podman.annotations.seccomp` (#12679)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-run.1.md

- **no-new-privileges**: Disable container processes from gaining additional privileges

- **seccomp=unconfined**: Turn off seccomp confinement for the container.

> - **seccomp=profile.json**:  White listed syscalls seccomp Json file to be used as a seccomp filter. Note that the `io.podman.annotations.seccomp` annotation is set with the specified value as shown in `podman-inspect`.

Reviewer: nit sed 's/podman-inspect/podman inspect/'

> - **seccomp=profile.json**:  White listed syscalls seccomp Json file to be used as a seccomp filter. Note that the `io.podman.annotations.seccomp` annotation is set with the specified value as shown in `podman inspect`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **seccomp=profile.json**:  Whitelisted syscalls seccomp JSON file to be used as a seccomp filter. Note that the `io.podman.annotations.seccomp` annotation is set with the specified value as shown in `podman inspect`.
```

Reviewer 3: since we are at it, should we `s|white|allow|`?

Author: I think it should be `JSON file to be used as a seccomp filter` since it could be any kind of filter.
